==========
Sun Oct 21 22:46:26 PDT 2012

I-- Facility List

    introduce NAICS data into facility list- create a new dataset from Ken
    Brdshaw's data- forget about my enormous, 18-year facilities database
    as it is not relevant. -- DONE

    Once we do that, need to re-save it; write a new load_geo for UO; give
    it the same name. - DONE ; load_geo is NASC to change context

    Need to check to see what fraction of CR EPAIDs are listed in Ken's
    data (can always send him a new request -- but we should see most of
    them, right?) -- there are some (61) missing. 44 are present in my
    broader facility database (of course, without NAICS data).  
    Anyway, request sent.

II-- Facility Mass Balance

    For a given manifest file (use CR-node output for CR), compute the mass
    balance for each facility which receives a transfer.  The fields:
    Gen, Import, TxIn (inclusive), Disp, TxOut.  For CR, can make an
    "industrial fraction" estimate. but not from manifest data.

    should rewrite cr_node to store industrial fraction and import fraction
    in each manifest. -- Done and Done

    also need to incorporate the 223 original-units data (and for that
    matter, need to reconcile his 223 data with my 223 data)

    need to estimate a likely "% used oil" based on 223 units and/or
    originating NAICS code

III-- Data Reporting.

    This is going to take the form of carefully enumerated-- manually
    enumerated-- and then populated.  Hmm, this was done in mfa_extract
    before.  All it did, at root, was a sequence of accums and then some
    field-moving-around. 

So-- a query is performed on a set of manifest data.  first we group the
manifests by receiving facility.  What I really need to do is a way to
create a new collection of manifests on the fly that can be demonstrated to
have equivalent mass to an existing collection.

preserving mass is the point of the mass balance.  

so I need to derive rules that may be used to demonstrate that two
flows have the same mass.  easy: same amount of generation; same amount of
disposition.  same total magnitude (which is just the straight sum of all
manifests).

that's what the mean value theorem is for- to reduce the collection of
complicated flows to a single mean flow.  that is the computation- then all
I do is select the scope differently for each computation, then compute the
mean flow over the scope.

sample queries:
 - fraction of industrial oil
 - NAICS sector distribution
 - Method Codes
